## Agenda:
    1.Preapre client meeting with the questions that we concerned.

    2.Choose the tasks that mast to be done before 31th of March

    3.Set up the process management tools that will be used for task tracking(Trello or GitHub Project)
    
    4.Finalize the stand-up meeting frequency and forms.

## Participants:
    All of the group members except Lam.

## Recordings:
    Not avaliable, only the meeting minute avaliable at here.

## Discussion Summary:
| Items                              | detail                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | person-actions                                                                                             |
|------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Client meeting                     | Q:The communication channels with the client must be discussedâ€™ team suggests email.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Yusuf will take over the correspondence as PO                                                              |
| process management, client meeting | the scope of the project must be carefully declared. the use cases must be ordered.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Yusuf will verify that with client, and Chen (Scrum Master) will create Backlog and verify that with Yusuf |
| Client meeting                     | Q:kushagra wants to know what backend migration is required and what can be coped with                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |                                                                                                            |
| Client meeting                     | Q:The use cases will be written by PO. The details will run through the client.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                                                                                                            |
| Client meeting                     | Frame work requirements and the documentation requirements must be clarified ASAP.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |                                                                                                            |
| Client meeting                     | Q:Any artifacts for the documentation (graphs, documents etc) should be asked for. Core functionality for the MVP must be declared.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |                                                                                                            |
| Client meeting                     | Q:repo can be installed locally atm. Should this functionality be carried to python.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |                                                                                                            |
| Client meeting                     | Q:what is that job management system and how deployment is done                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                                                                                                            |
| Client meeting                     | Q:The cloud: what services do they use, what requirements their current service has. Is there any concern regarding storage and authentication.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                                                                                                            |
| Client meeting                     | Q:What branch would they like us to focus on in github.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |                                                                                                            |
| Client meeting                     | Q:How changeable is the API to the front end. Can we redesign an API for python now that we dont have the restrictions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |                                                                                                            |
| Client meeting                     | The main plan is to commit to the project by setting realistic goals. ATM the commitment is to the migration to python AND auth. Anything extra will depend on how the project goes. If the time allows it, we are happy to do more.                                                                                                                                                              |                                                                                                            |
| communication                      | The communication is going to be the main supporting factor in this project. We have to maintain an ongoing and consistent communication. When we face a roadblock, we should immediately send a message to the chat and THEN start trying to solve it ourselves, if we solve it before someone replies, we must then write how we solved it in case someone faces a similar issue in the future. |                                                                                                            |
| process management                 | waiting to decide the work flow: branches(want main and stating branch?) after checking CI/CD                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |                                                                                                            |
| process management                 | decide to use the github embedded Project or trello(?) and set it up in the project                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Raised by Nathan, will be decided by Chen and all members after discussion                                 |
| communication                      | Monday,Wednesday stand-up meeting in slack and Friday Stand-up meeting will be in person                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                            |
| process management                 | Verify what need to be done by 31th of March, verify that with both supervisor and Dr. Zehedi                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |                                                                                                            |

## Action Items: task assigned, including assignees and dead line
    1. All the Items of client meetings will be verified with client by Yusuf on the 15th of March client meeting
    2. maintain an ongoing and consistent communication. When we face a roadblock, we should immediately send a message to the chat and THEN start trying to solve it ourselves.
       If we solve it before someone replies, we must then write how we solved it in case someone faces a similar issue in the future
    3. Currently, the mandatory task is about setting repository structure based on checklist , current backlog will be created by Chen
    4. Currently, useing Trello for process management, team decided to use GitHub Project, need to contact with Dr. Zehedi to enable that and validate whether we are committing to the correct repo. 
    Chen already contact with Dr. Zehedi, waitting for replying.
    5. Chen already contact with Yusuf to get what other tasks(requirement elicitation) need to be done before 31th of Mar.